hi guys I'm Shelby that routine today
I'm going to show you five ways to
upgrade your sunglasses the first way to
upgrade your sunglasses is to use some
pearls old sunglasses and some scotch
super glue I have to size pearls and I'm
going to take my bigger size bowl and
I'm going to put it up here in the
corner
careful with your super glue if your
pearls have holes on them make sure to
not put the holes poking from the front
all right now I'm going to do the same
thing to the other side it will take
about 15 to 30 minutes for them to dry
completely now i'm just going to use my
super glue and trail a little tiny line
to where I want my little pearls to end
the second way is to take some bow
embellishments or any embellishments
that you want take your glue and do the
vaccine same thing as a pearls
and let them dry for 15 to 30 minutes
you
alright for these sunglasses you'll need
some black sunglasses masking tape and
two colors of your choice I've already
pre-taped my sunglasses I'm just going
to paint the top of my sunglasses with
my first color
now I'm going to add my last coat of
sparkle to finish it off
you
for these sunglasses you will need some
glasses
with a wide band on the back some
toothpicks and some nail polish the
first step is to paint one solid color
on your end the reason I did that was
because these had writing on them and I
just didn't want the writing covering up
the Aztec so I'm just going to paint
only up to about here because this part
is going to be behind your ear and
there's no need to paint that
you
okay using my toothpick and my black
paint I'm just going to start doing some
aztec pattern so you don't need to be
perfect just kind of fun little designs
you can even have to do as techy looking
patterns you can do polka dots or
stripes or whatever you
hope this video gives you some more
ideas to vamp up your old pair of
sunglasses hope you guys have a
wonderful easter and a great week thanks
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you next week bye